README.md, before:

# RockBand 
<img src="http://karolsliwka.abovewave.co.uk/mypage_top.jpg" style="widt:100%;">

<a href="http://www.karolsliwka.abovewave.co.uk">
    <img src="https://www.dwarka-smartcity.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/visit-website-button.png" width="20%">
</a>


> If button doesn't work click on link below or use GitHub Pages link, to visit the RockBand website
http://www.karolsliwka.abovewave.co.uk</br>
[GitHub Pages](https://karolsliwka.github.io/Rock-Band/)

> This is a First Milestone Project for [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net/) Full Stack Developer Course</br>
> Website is about the rock band from 1960's.

# Content
> Whole text of website was created and written by myself - Karol Sliwka</br>
>
>
> Photos used in this project are from certain pages searched via [GoogleImageSearch](https://www.google.com/advanced_image_search)

1. Carousel

    [image 1]()</br>
    [image 2]()</br>
    [image 3]()

2. News

    [image 1]()</br>
    [image 2]()</br>
    [image 3]()</br>
    [image 4]()

3. AboutUs

    [image 1]()</br>
    [image 2]()</br>
    [image 3]()</br>
    [image 4]()
 
 
> Media </br>
* Audio files used in this project are from Code Institute assets for this course

    - [Code Institute Assets](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/project-assets) </br>



# Technologies Used
* [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
* [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
* [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
* [jQery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JQuery)
* [Bootstrap (v3.7)](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/3.3/)

Commit message:

Content/1.Carousel images link added

README.md, after:

# RockBand 
<img src="http://karolsliwka.abovewave.co.uk/mypage_top.jpg" style="widt:100%;">

<a href="http://www.karolsliwka.abovewave.co.uk">
    <img src="https://www.dwarka-smartcity.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/visit-website-button.png" width="20%">
</a>


> If button doesn't work click on link below or use GitHub Pages link, to visit the RockBand website
http://www.karolsliwka.abovewave.co.uk</br>
[GitHub Pages](https://karolsliwka.github.io/Rock-Band/)

> This is a First Milestone Project for [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net/) Full Stack Developer Course</br>
> Website is about the rock band from 1960's.

# Content
> Whole text of website was created and written by myself - Karol Sliwka</br>
>
>
> Photos used in this project are from certain pages searched via [GoogleImageSearch](https://www.google.com/advanced_image_search)</br>
    List of all images and url adresses to download/use photos
    
1. Carousel

    - Berlin [image 1](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1055770)</br>
    - Spain [image 2](https://pixabay.com/pl/koncert-t%C5%82um-grupy-odbiorc%C3%B3w-ludzie-768722/)</br>
    - Sweden [image 3](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/115544)

2. News

    [image 1]()</br>
    [image 2]()</br>
    [image 3]()</br>
    [image 4]()

3. AboutUs

    - Vocal : [image 1]()</br>
    - Guitar : [image 2](https://pixabay.com/pl/gitara-gitara-gracz-muzyk-670087/)</br>
    - Bass : [image 3](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/978908)</br>
    - Drums : [image 4]()
 
 
> Media </br>
* Audio files used in this project are from Code Institute assets for this course

    - [Code Institute Assets](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/project-assets) </br>



# Technologies Used
* [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
* [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
* [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
* [jQery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JQuery)
* [Bootstrap (v3.7)](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/3.3/)
